Data Persistence
================

The data persistence system allow to save some data during a playthrough, to
keep some information on what the player already did.

Without it, as each zone is a new scene, entering a zone will load the "default"
state of that zone (i.e. as it is designed in the editor) but any permanent
action the player took (like grabbing a key or a weapon) would be "undone"

**Documentation of builtin script that use the data persistence will include a
*Data Persistence* category that list what they save to the data**

Usage in editor
---------------

The data system work through a scripting interface called `IDataPersister`

Object implementing that interface (like the built-in `InventoryItem`, `HubDoor`
  `PlayerInput` etc.) can write & read data from the `PersistentDataManager`

Monobehaviour that implement that interface have a `Data Settings` foldout that
appear at the button of their inspector. Those settings are composed of :
- `Data Tag` : this is a unique identifier for the object, used by the manager
to link data to that object. It can be anything : some built-in component use
autogenerated Unique ID, but it could also be a manually typed name, like
"Zone_3_key" or "Quest_Item_Card" etc.
- `Persistance Type` : the object can either
    - `Don't Persist` : allow to disable the persistence, useful for object that
    need to be reset on scene change (e.g. you may want some door to be closed
      again)
    - `Read Only` : this object can only read the data, not write to it. A way
    to use it is to have an object with `Write Only` (see below) with the same
    `Data Tag`. This object will use the data that the other object write for
    that tag but won't be able to write over it.
    - `Write Only` : the object can write data but can't read from it. See above
    `Read Only` for example of use.
    -`Read Write` : most common case of use, the object read & write data with
    its given `Data Tag`

Data Saving/Loading cycle
-------------------------

`SaveData` is called on all `IDataPersister` of the scene before a scene
transition out.

`LoadData` is called on all `IDataPersister` of the scene after a new scene was
loaded.

It is possible to manually save data at any time by calling
`PersistentDataManager.SetDirty(this)` on any `IDataPersister`

Example of use in code
----------------------

The way the data manager can be used in code is by reading its associated data
when it's enabled/started and react to it.

For example, the inventory item write their state in the persistent data (active
or not). So when the scene is loaded, the inventory item retrieve the data
associated to its tag. If a `false` value is saved, that mean that object had
already been retrieved and it disable itself.

Another example would be a door, saving it's state. So when the scene is loaded
and data is read, it can set itself in the right state (open/closed)
